so you're going on a journey to a black
hole
well you'll need a lot of provisions
because the nearest black hole
is 1011 light years away
this black pearl was found in the solar
system called hr
6819 it was hidden in orbit with two
other stars
which you can see with the human eye
scientists have been studying this
system since the 80s
but this winter it revealed its main
secret
this particular black hole is considered
relatively small
but despite this its mass is four times
bigger than our sun
and it's 2500 light years closer to
earth than the next nearest black hole
but don't worry for people the distance
of one thousand light years is
unreachable
for example if we were to make a model
where the earth's distance to the sun
was only .05 inches you would have to
travel about four miles to get to this
black hole but
our galaxy the milky way is about one
hundred thousand light years wide
so the distance of one thousand eleven
light years
doesn't seem that long in comparison but
before you jump inside this black giant
let me try to discourage you
a black hole is a place in space time
where nothing can leave its orbit
no particles electromagnetic radiation
or even
photons of light can escape from a black
hole
so you should understand that a journey
to such a dangerous
object as a black hole is a one-way
ticket
and the way black holes are born is
incredible
when a star runs out of fuel the star
collapses under its own weight
and becomes a black hole like the
supermassive black hole
in the messier 87 galaxy its mass is 7
billion
times bigger than the sun and it was
discovered by the event horizon
telescope
in april 2019 okay good
i see you've already bought a ticket for
a faster-than-light spaceship
since there's no refunds and you don't
want to lose the money
it's time to get ready for the trip oh
feel free to leave your luggage at home
three two one off you go
you're leaving earth's orbit saying
goodbye to the moon
and don't forget to cheer up pluto by
saying it is big enough to be a planet
then you pass the highway of dark space
and
here's your stop the black hole put on
your suit
because you're going into outer space
the first thing you see is the event
horizon the gravitational field of a
black hole
bends the light around its edges so the
event horizon is like a croissant
for the observer once you reach the
event horizon though
you won't be able to get back out you
may also notice that there's some kind
of chaos in this ring
some lights move in different directions
this happens because you get a mirror
effect
but we still don't know what's inside
the black hole
so you decide to send in a drone first
the gravity field of the black hole
quickly draws in your metal
buddy as soon as he enters the event
horizon
his body begins to change its shape it
becomes elongated like a strand of
spaghetti
and the closer it gets to the center of
the black hole the longer it becomes
you also notice the drone has slowed its
movement
and now gradually approaches the black
hole center
this is another effect of the space
monster
the black hole's vast mass curves not
only space
but also time if you hang one watch next
to a black hole
and another on the wall in your bedroom
you will see that
in the first watch the second hand has
barely moved
while a whole day has passed on earth
and the more massive the black hole
the stronger the effect of slowing time
theoretically if you have a spaceship
that can overcome the gravity of a black
hole
you can fly to it and wait for a few
seconds during this time
your friends on earth would live a whole
life
the flashlight on the head of your drone
has turned red this color change has
happened for the same reason
the clocks that are deeper in a
gravitational well tick slower when
observed from
outside this also affects the photons
wavelength
we see red light because it has the
longest wavelength of any color in the
visible spectrum
all these things actually happen to the
drone in a split second
but it seems slow to you because of the
time war
alright it's time to enter the black
hole yourself
the final preparation is your suit that
will protect you from
hawking radiation this radiation is
created by black holes
due to quantum effects near the event
horizon
hawking radiation reduces the weight of
the black hole
so if the black hole doesn't absorb more
mass from nearby objects
it becomes smaller and then simply
disappears
oh yes the black holes are also mortal
but hawking radiation can turn you into
ash
and you'd lose the chance to see the
black hole from the inside
okay now let's do what you traveled 1011
light years to do
one big jump and you're caught in the
gravity field of the black hole
this is the point of no return but your
distance allows you to set a stable
orbit
so that you can spin around the black
hole like the moon around the earth
a little higher and you'll be thrown
into infinity
a little lower and you will be dragged
into the black hole
so theoretically planets could exist at
this distance
and even inhabited if there were the
necessary conditions
a couple of minutes later and you are
approaching the event horizon
oh look down your body is so long
you are now spaghetti yourself look
around you
the stars are turning blue this is
called gravitational blue shift
as you fall into a black hole its
gravitational field
pulls the photons of light down giving
them energy
their wavelengths are getting shorter so
the red photons
change into blue and everything starts
to look blue
now you are right outside the event
horizon and the only thing you can see
is a round blue beam of light above you
but soon
you will stop seeing even that so
you've survived the strong gravitational
field of a black hole
and the hawking radiation didn't burn
you to ash
you are now in the heart of the most
mysterious object in the universe
you have front row seats but the view is
not that impressive
this is the darkest place you've ever
been to even the usual laws of physics
just stop working here
theoretically time goes by so slowly
here
that your home planet could no longer
exist and a new black hole could appear
in place of our sun
but you will live exactly as long as
there's enough
oxygen in your suit but what if this
cosmic object
is actually a wormhole that leads to
another place in the universe
this is a popular theory but scientists
still can't confirm it
but if it is true then after a while you
will see a blue light again
now you'll experience the same fall only
in reverse
once you leave the singularity which
means the black hole's heart
you will be in the event horizon the
light from the stars
gradually changes from blue to red you
can feel the shaking and warmth from the
hawking radiation
but then you're thrown into outer space
perhaps in some
faraway galaxy no one knows what will
happen next
are you in contact with an unknown life
form
or will the conditions there be
intolerable for a human being
or maybe you will not go to another
place in space
but to a parallel universe this theory
also exists
according to it black holes are portals
to other dimensions
simply put there are endless copies of
our universe
every time you were faced with a choice
your twin from another universe
chose something else but let's leave
that to fantastic movies
right now the journey into a black hole
is merely impossible for humanity
we can't even reach the nearest one but
one day
we will learn more about these space
objects nature
and maybe this knowledge will push
humanity forward
and make us a multi-galactic
civilization